The objective of this project is to create a visual platform for code generation.  

A flow is the operational perimeter. Flows consist of nodes that are connected by edges. Nodes can be either function nodes or class nodes (not yet supported). They can also contain other nodes (We should make it so that there's no distinction between container nodes and non-container nodes, aka all are able to contain nodes).  Function nodes consist of a single function, where as a class node has one or more functions (called methods).  We probably dont need to focus on class nodes that much at this stage. 

Each function node is supposed to be a visual representation of a function, where by default only the description and the name of a node(not function) is visible. The name of the function should be the same as the name of a node, except of course written in camelCase (or underline or PascalCase or Hungarian Notation or other naming convention, in js world we often use camelCase.) A function of a node should have access to all the nodes and their functions inside their flow and if another nodes function is called at any point within that nodes code, then an edge is drawn between the two nodes (with the caller being the source and the other the target). If a manual edge is drawn between two nodes, then which ever is the source node should have the function of the target node added as a called function inside their own code.  

For now it's important to understand that all nodes can be containers, and if a node contains another node, then that simply means that child node is scoped to its parent node, aka you cant call that node outside its parent node. However, it should be able to make calls outside its parent. 

What this changes: 
How Process-logic works: In the future, we want to be calling the functions of nodes directly. This means there needs to be some catching mechanisms in place incase we want to visualize process running across the edge from the source node to the target as we have done previously. How is this done? try catching seems to be one solution, since inherently in the current version we are just running the code, but the problem is that if they call the function of another node in the middle of the code, then the rest of the code will not run. So we need to find a way to visualize the process running across the edge, while still allowing the rest of the code to run.

How calling other "nodes" works: Right now, we are doing some complex checks to look for specific edges. In the future That will no longer be the case, as all calls will be done by calling the actual function in question directly. This means we should be able to create flows from actual code and vice versa.  Of course, this does mean significant changes to the existing codebase, as now we'll need to 

How edge creation works: An edge is created automatically between the caller function and the called function, aka the caller is the source and the called is the target. Meaning, if the function of a node is called inside the code of another nodes function, then an edge should be created between the two. How is such logic 